[DOC] Draft release notes for 2.5 (#3733)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/setup/upgrade.md

Components such as ingesters and metrics generators that maintain files on disk won't come up cleanly without intervention.
The new user `10001` won't have access to the old files created by `root`.

The ownership of `/var/tempo` changed from `root:root` to `tempo:tempo` with the UID/GID of `10001`.

The `ingester` and `metrics-generator` statefulsets may need to [run chown](https://opensource.com/article/19/8/linux-chown-command) to change ownership to start properly.

Refer to [PR 2265](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/2265) to see a Jsonnet example of an `init` container.

This change doesn’t impact you if you used the Helm chart with the default security context set in the chart.
All data should be owned by the `tempo` user already.
The UID won’t impact Helm chart users.

### Support for vParquet format removed

The original vParquet format [has been removed](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3663) from Tempo 2.5.
Direct upgrades from Tempo 2.1 to Tempo 2.5 are not possible.
You will need to upgrade to an intermediate version and wait for the old vParquet blocks to fall out of retention before upgrading to 2.5. [PR 3663](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3663)]

> vParquet(1) won't be recognized as a valid encoding and can't read any remaining vParquet blocks.

Reviewer: vParquet(1) won't be recognized as a valid encoding and any remaining vParquet(1) blocks will not be readable

Author: ```suggestion
vParquet(1) won't be recognized as a valid encoding and any remaining vParquet(1) blocks will not be readable.
```

Components such as ingesters and metrics generators that maintain files on disk won't come up cleanly without intervention.
The new user `10001` won't have access to the old files created by `root`.

The ownership of `/var/tempo` changed from `root:root` to `tempo:tempo` with the UID/GID of `10001`.

The `ingester` and `metrics-generator` statefulsets may need to [run chown](https://opensource.com/article/19/8/linux-chown-command) to change ownership to start properly.

Refer to [PR 2265](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/2265) to see a Jsonnet example of an `init` container.

This change doesn’t impact you if you used the Helm chart with the default security context set in the chart.
All data should be owned by the `tempo` user already.
The UID won’t impact Helm chart users.

### Support for vParquet format removed

The original vParquet format [has been removed](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3663) from Tempo 2.5.
Direct upgrades from Tempo 2.1 to Tempo 2.5 are not possible.
You will need to upgrade to an intermediate version and wait for the old vParquet blocks to fall out of retention before upgrading to 2.5. [PR 3663](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3663)]

> In the last release, vParquet (the first version) was deprecated and blocked from writes.
> The original block format is removed entirely in Tempo 2.5.

Author: ```suggestion
```

vParquet(1) won't be recognized as a valid encoding and can't read any remaining vParquet blocks.

Installations running with historical defaults should not require any changes as the default has been migrated for several releases.
Installations with storage settings pinned to vParquet must run a previous release configured for vParquet2 or higher until all existing vParquet(1) blocks have expired and been deleted from the backend, or else will encounter read errors after upgrading to this release.

### Experimental vParquet4 block format

> The vParquet4 block format is required for using links, events, and arrays and improves query performance relative to previous formats. vParquet4 will be the default block format in the next release. [[PR 3368](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3368)]

Reviewer: same as before "using" => "querying"

> The vParquet4 block format is required for using links, events, and arrays and improves query performance relative to previous formats. vParquet4 will be the default block format in the next release. [[PR 3368](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3368)]

Author: ```suggestion
The vParquet4 block format is required for querying links, events, and arrays and improves query performance relative to previous formats. vParquet4 will be the default block format in the next release. [[PR 3368](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/pull/3368)]
```
